[IMP] iot: 19.0 updates (#15509)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/iot/connect.rst

.. note::
   Once the IoT system is connected to a database:

   - If the :doc:`Point of Sale app </applications/sales/point_of_sale>` is installed, a popup
     appears to select the :doc:`POS the IoT system should be associated with
     </applications/sales/point_of_sale/configuration/pos_iot>`.
   - If using an :doc:`IoT box <iot_box>`, wait a few minutes for it to update before using the
     connected :doc:`devices <devices>`.
   - A request is sent to `<https://www.odoo.com>`_, which returns an :ref:`HTTPS certificate
     <iot/connect/https_certificate>` after a few minutes if the database meets the
     :ref:`eligibility criteria <iot/https_certificate_iot/iot-eligibility>`. Once the certificate
     is received, the IoT system's homepage is updated to a new HTTPS URL ending with
     `.odoo-iot.com`.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`iot_advanced/troubleshooting`

.. _iot/connect/disconnect:

Disconnecting an IoT system from a database
===========================================

To disconnect the IoT system from a database, follow these steps:

#. Access the :ref:`IoT box's <iot/iot-box/homepage>` or :ref:`Windows virtual IoT's
   <iot/windows-iot/homepage>` homepage.

> #. Click :guilabel:`Configure` in the :guilabel:`Odoo database connected` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click :guilabel:`Configure` in the :icon:`fa-link` :guilabel:`Odoo database connected` section.
```

   By default, drivers are automatically :ref:`updated <iot_updating_iot/handlers>` every time the
   IoT system is restarted. To disable automatic updates, uncheck the :guilabel:`Automatic drivers
   update` option.

.. _iot/connect/https_certificate:

HTTPS certificate
=================

:abbr:`HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure)` is the secure, encrypted version of :abbr:`HTTP
(Hypertext Transfer Protocol)`. It uses :abbr:`TLS (Transport Layer Security)` (previously
:abbr:`SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)`) certificates to authenticate the server and protect the data
exchanged between a browser and a website. Some network devices, such as payment terminals, require
a valid HTTPS certificate to communicate with the IoT system; without it, they cannot interact
properly.

.. note::
   In this documentation and throughout Odoo, the term *HTTPS certificate*  refers to a valid
   SSL certificate that allows an HTTPS connection.

When the IoT system is (re-)started (e.g., after it is connected to the Odoo database), a request
is sent to `<https://www.odoo.com>`_, which returns the HTTPS certificate after a few minutes if
the database meets the following eligibility criteria:

> .. _iot/https_certificate_iot/iot-eligibility:

Author: Yes it can but when you add it before a heading, you don't necessarily need to add a label (if you don't, the heading will be used), whereas if there's no heading, you must add a label when using the :ref:`LABEL <anchor_name>`. It can also be a bit buggy sometimes (with admonitions for example).

- The database must be a **production** instance. The database instance should not be a copy, a
  duplicate, a staging, or a development environment.
- The Odoo subscription must be ongoing (:guilabel:`In Progress` status).

When the certificate has been received:

- The IoT system's homepage address is updated to a new HTTPS URL ending with `.odoo-iot.com`.
- The :guilabel:`HTTPS certificate` banner displays the certificate's validity period. To view this

>   information, click the :icon:`fa-cogs` (:guilabel:`cogs`) button on the IoT system's homepage.

Reviewer: I would add it here too (as it's mentioned in all other pages).
```suggestion
  information, click the :icon:`fa-cogs` (:guilabel:`cogs`) button at the top-right of the IoT system's homepage.
```
